Description
================
* Given data: a sorted array of integer
* Target: find a pair of integers which sum up to a specific target, return their indices as a vector
* Restraint: 1-indexed, cannot use the same element twice
* Others: exactly one solution exists

Related Topics
================
* array
* hash table
* two pointers

Discussion
================
This can be solved using the method in Two Sum in O(n) time, O(n) space. However, the condition "sorted" has not been used.\
If you are fimiliar with two pointers, go ahead and use it. If not, let me explain why we should use it here.\

When we have a sorted array, we always think about binary search. But in this problem, binary search is O(nlogn), which is worse than hash table. Why? Of course the base case is for the first try we find the result, but the worst case is like:\

A = [1, 3, 5, 7, ... , 47, 49, 50, 51, 53, ... , 95, 97, 99], target = 99\

Think about what happens:\
Firstly, we get the first element, which is 1, and try to find its complement in the rest. Of course we cannot find 98, then we got the second better, the first number that's larger than 98, which is 99.\
Now 1 and 99 sums up to 100, too large, we need to get rid of 1 and 99 because we now they both cannot be part of the solution.\
Then same thing happen to 3 and 97, 5 and 95, etc. Total times of binary search would be n / 2, leading to overall O(nlogn) complexity.\

Why is binary search not efficient here? Because some elements in the array are actually used for multiple times. Every time we do binary search, we get rid of the two elements on the two ends, but we have also checked some elements in the middle, this information is wasted.\

So, if in the worst case we spend O(log(n)) time to get rid of two elements on the ends, why not spend O(1) time to get rid of one? This is where two pointers pumps in.\

Final Code
================

```md
class Solution {
public:
    vector<int> twoSum(vector<int>& numbers, int target) {
        int low = 0, high = numbers.size()-1;
        vector<int> res;
        while (high > low) {
            if (numbers[low] + numbers[high] == target) {
                res = {low+1, high+1};
                break;
            }
            if (numbers[low] + numbers[high] > target) {high--;}
            else {low++;}
        }
        return res;
    }
};
```

Related Problems
===============
